# Add-on Gamification
Data and analysis for the "Add-on Gamification" manuscript and conference poster.

## Data

Main experimental results are contained in the **Data** folder. Additional data from the optional second session is in the **Additional Data (Second Optional Session)** folder. Results from the _Intrinsic Motivation Inventory_ and _Game Preferences Questionnaire_ are both in a the single file **Questionnaire_ErsteTestung_ohneIFN_pressure invertiert_ohne pressure.xlsx** in the **Questionnaire** folder.

### CSV-format for main experimental results

* `Observer` A unique participant ID 
* `Condition` Either `game` or `experiment`
* `SessionID` Session timestampt
* `Block` Overall block index
* `Trial` Trial index within the block
* `COA` COA used in the block in milliseconds. Can be either `-100`, `100` or `1000`
* `Color0`, `Color1`, `Color2`, `Color3` Variable name correspond to the quadrant that the circle target was presented at. Quadrants are counted counterclockwise staring with the top-right quadrant. The value is the index of the color with values from 0 to 3 denoting, correspondingly, _red_, _green_, _blue_, and _yellow_.
* `Target` Whether the cued pair of colors is a `column` or a `row`
* `Which` Which column (0 - left, 1 - right) or row (0 - upper, 1 - lower) is cued 
* `Match` Whether cue matches the display colors order (`True`) or has an opposite incorrect one (`False`)  
* `FlipComplimentary` Whether the color order for the complimentary axis (row, if `Target` is column and column, if `Target` is row) is the same as for the target (left-rigth for up-down or vice versa) or reversed
* `Response` Participants response whether cue matched colors in the display (`True` or `False`)
* `RT` Response time in seconds
* `Correct` Whether participant's response was correct (`True` or `False`)
* `OnsetDelay` Randomized display onset delay in seconds. 

### CSV-format for the questionnaire file

* `Condition` Experimental condition used for the main experiment, either `game` or `experiment`
* `Observer` Unique participant's ID
* `Gender` Participant's gender either `1` (female) or `2` (male)
* `IM01_xx` Responses for the _Intrinsic Motivation Inventory_ questionnaire, seven point scale from 1 to 7.
* `GPxx_xx` Responses for the _Game Preferences Questionnaire_, seven point scale from 1 to 7.

Other columns were automatically generated by the **SoSci Survey** and are irrelevant for the purpose of the study.

## License
All data (and associated content) is licensed under the [CC-By Attribution 4.0 International License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/). All code is licensed
under the [MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php).
 
